README.md, before:

# Flipper Zero Lego Dimensions ToyPad Emulator

Use your **Flipper Zero** as a **Lego Dimensions ToyPad** !

This project emulates the behavior of the original USB ToyPad, allowing you to interact with Lego Dimensions using your Flipper Zero. this app can place characters, vehicles directly from your Flipper.

---

## 🚧 Project Status

- ✅ Character placement  
- ✅ Vehicle placement
- ✅ Vehicle saving/upgrading
- ⏳ Easier switching of minfigs (in progress)

---

## ✨ Features

- Emulates the Lego Dimensions ToyPad via USB  
- Place characters and vehicles on any position on the ToyPad
- 📋 On-device character & vehicle list with selection menu  
- 🔌 Plug-and-play when connected to Lego Dimensions via USB to your console.
- ⭐ Favorites, you can favourite a character for quicker placement in the favorites submenu
- 💾 Saving, you can save a upgraded vehicle and place it via the saved vehicles submenu

## Screenshots

![ToyPad view](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e62fb2bd-8ee1-4b7e-9271-cc68068758d9)

![Minfigure selection menu](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9f47cb9d-1990-476e-adb0-3872d39496f8)

---

## 📦 Download

### Prerequisites

- A **Flipper Zero** works with both official and custom firmware (Momentum / RogueMaster)
- The **qFlipper** app or any other way to access to Flipper’s file system to upload files.
- The **Lego Dimensions** game (Only works on PS5, PS4, WII U)

### How to Download?
- Download the ldtoypad.fap from the [latest release](https://github.com/SegerEnd/Flipper-Zero-LD-Toypad-Emulator/releases/latest)
- Place the ***ldtoypad.fap*** in the folder "apps/USB" on your Flipper Zero
- Done ✅

### Other ways to install?
Yes, this app might be included and preinstalled in some custom firmware, the current custom firmware containg this app are:
- RogueMaster FW

### How to build this project?
If you want to contribute and/or want to modify the code you can clone this repository and build it:

1. **Clone or download** this repository.
2. Open the folder in your IDE
3. run ```ufbt launch``` to build and start the app on your flipper zero.

## 🤝 Contributing

Want to help finish the emulator, add new features or improve performance? Contributions are welcome!

- Fork the repository  
- Create a new branch for your changes  
- Submit a pull request with a clear description  

## 📚 Code Reference
I used the following similar projects for insights and code snippets that helped the emulation development. Without this code and research this project wouldn't be finished. [Node LD](https://github.com/AlinaNova21/node-ld) & [LD-ToyPad-Emulator](https://github.com/Berny23/LD-ToyPad-Emulator)

#
If you'd like to help complete this project, feel free to make a pull request or reach out to me!

Commit message:

Flipper app catalog - New download instructions- Update README.md

README.md, after:

# Flipper Zero Lego Dimensions ToyPad Emulator

Use your **Flipper Zero** as a **Lego Dimensions ToyPad** !

This project emulates the behavior of the original USB ToyPad, allowing you to interact with Lego Dimensions using your Flipper Zero. this app can place characters, vehicles directly from your Flipper.

---

## 🚧 Project Status

- ✅ Character placement  
- ✅ Vehicle placement
- ✅ Vehicle saving/upgrading

---

## ✨ Features

- Emulates the Lego Dimensions ToyPad via USB  
- Place characters and vehicles on any position on the ToyPad
- 📋 On-device character & vehicle list with selection menu  
- 🔌 Plug-and-play when connected to Lego Dimensions via USB to your console.
- ⭐ Favorites, you can favourite a character for quicker placement in the favorites submenu
- 💾 Saving, you can save a upgraded vehicle and place it via the saved vehicles submenu

## Screenshots

![ToyPad view](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e62fb2bd-8ee1-4b7e-9271-cc68068758d9)

![Minfigure selection menu](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9f47cb9d-1990-476e-adb0-3872d39496f8)

![Selection screen](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/166c77d3-5746-40fa-acff-5cfcafd23206)

---

## 📦 Download

### Prerequisites

- A **Flipper Zero** works with both official and custom firmware (Momentum / RogueMaster)
- The **Flipper Zero app or site** for downloading from the Flipper App Catalog
- The **Lego Dimensions** game (Only works on PS5, PS4, PS3, WII U)

### How to Download?
- This app is available for download in the [Flipper App Catalog](https://lab.flipper.net/apps/ldtoypad)
- Simply install it directly from the catalog via computer or your phone to your Flipper Zero for the lastest version

### Other ways to install?
Yes, this app might be included and preinstalled in some custom firmware, the current custom firmware containg this app are:
- RogueMaster FW

### How to build this project?
If you want to contribute and/or want to modify the code you can clone this repository and build it:

1. **Clone or download** this repository.
2. Open the folder in your IDE
3. run ```ufbt launch``` to build and start the app on your flipper zero.

## 🤝 Contributing

Want to help finish the emulator, add new features or improve performance? Contributions are welcome!

- Fork the repository  
- Create a new branch for your changes  
- Submit a pull request with a clear description  

## 📚 Code Reference
I used the following similar projects for insights and code snippets that helped the emulation development. Without this code and research this project wouldn't be finished. [Node LD](https://github.com/AlinaNova21/node-ld) & [LD-ToyPad-Emulator](https://github.com/Berny23/LD-ToyPad-Emulator)

#
If you'd like to help complete this project, feel free to make a pull request or reach out to me!
